feat: support json format output in pnpm pack (#8765)
pnpm/pnpm: .changeset/spicy-needles-peel.md

---
"@pnpm/plugin-commands-publishing": minor
---

> feat: support `pnpm pack --json` to print packed tarball and contents in json format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for `pnpm pack --json` to print packed tarball and contents in JSON format [#8765](https://github.com/pnpm/pnpm/pull/8765/files).
```
